Alright, I'm going to take a little learning
opportunity here to show you why we run CI builds.
So, after that last coding assignment review,
I checked in the code to GitHub, of course,
and look what happened.
I got an email a few moments later
telling me that the build had failed.
So obviously there's a lot of detail here,
and we can see that ... oh is it saying ...
We just say failed.
Got a NPE, so I did something bad there.
And let's go ahead and take a look at this in CircleCI.
Yeah, we can see here that the build did fail.
Going to take a look at it.
73 tests, one failure.
I got a NPE here on the delete operation.
So let's go ahead and take a look at that
inside of IntelliJ.
And I'm gonna come in here and run my test
like I should've before committing.
I was bad and did not run my test
before committing to the repository.
And if I was in a development shop
I'd be publicly shamed and humiliated.
So here's that test.
So we wound up with an NPE here,
so let's take a look at that.
And that was caused inside of the controller.
Let's see what this is doing.
So what's happening is our IngredientService
is returning back a null, so see here in the Controller.
So now we were deleting by id and that was okay,
we're expecting a void,
but now we're coming back and blocking on that.
So we need to modify our test to return back a value.
So you need to say when
deleteById.
And we're gonna do a Mono.empty().
So again, our delete method previously
was just returning nothing, void, and it was okay.
But now, see in the Controller,
we'll go to that line in the Controller,
we're now expecting a value to come back
and we're not returning that inside our test.
So let's go ahead and re-run this failed test.
And we ran into another problem.
No, I need to,
actually put that up here.
That won't work very good.
I clearly need another cup of coffee,
so let's try this one more time.
I bet this is gonna work a lot better.
And there, our test is now green.
So I am gonna go ahead and commit that again.
And watch this one.
Do a Commit Directory.
Do a Commit and Push.
Jump back over to CircleCI.
And we can see how quickly that happened.
So I just committed that a second ago
and this test is already running.
And the new CircleCI 2 actually seems pretty darn fast.
I'm gonna pause this video for a second
and we'll verify that the CI build does pass.
Okay, I paused it there for a second
while that build was running.
We can see now that it is back in the green.
We're gonna come back here, over to builds.
And you can see that it had the one failed build
and now it's fixed, based on that commit there.
So everything's good.
Now if you're not using CircleCI at this point,
highly recommend that you do.
It's absolutely free, integrates nicely with GitHub.
I did have some previous videos on CircleCI
but I wanna show you this little learning opportunity,
of where I broke my own rules, didn't run the test
before I committed, and I broke the build.
So if you're in a development shop,
there's usually a price to pay when you break the build.
So my fault for not following my proper procedures,
but I wanted to take a learning opportunity here
and show you how CircleCI flagged
that I did, in fact, break the build.